
# 2. Background - Scholarship for Higher Education

To expand access to higher education, various scholarships are provided by governments, private organizations, and educational institutions, which have diverse evaluation criteria such as academic performance, specific talents, and family economic situations.

However, the following challenges(2.1~2.3) are faced in the system:

## 2.1 Repayment Issues

Tuition fees at many universities are increasing, becoming a significant burden for students and their families, leading to an increased demand for scholarships. Students who utilize loan-based scholarships are required to repay them after graduation. However, due to employment conditions or economic situations, some students may be unable to repay and may file for bankruptcy.

## 2.2 Ensuring Equal Access

Outstanding scholarships are limited, and scholarships for students with excellent academic records or specific talents are highly competitive. It is important to provide support to students from economically disadvantaged backgrounds or with specific circumstances. However, it is difficult for them to succeed in intense competition. Ensuring equal access to scholarships for all students remains a challenge.

## 2.3 Sudden Environmental Changes

The outbreak of the novel coronavirus has impacted students' economic situations and increased the demand for scholarships.

Additionally, there are new expenses associated with the transition to online education. Public support systems are determined by socioeconomic factors and educational policies, making it difficult to improve smoothly in the face of rapidly changing student environments.

## 2.4 Expectation

The evaluation is based on the student's "economic situation" and "creditworthiness," but it can be imagined that these criteria will increase as the demand expands while resources remain limited.

This trend may lead to the inability to provide educational opportunities to low-income households, creating a negative spiral.

## 2.5 Solution

What is important there is whether students who have difficulty in obtaining social credit can 'prove their creditworthiness' and attract a large number of supporters.

Ethereum makes it possible.

Several cryptographic theories would be used to guarantee the credit of students, and smart contracts would complete the provision and receipt of funds.

In particular, it can be combined with zkFHE as a means of protecting the privacy of students for secure screening.

This enables cross-border study support in a world where everyone is anonymous.

Proposing more scholarship programs can be one solution to increase students' options.
Individual support can function as a flexible system for this purpose.Just like in "Daddy-Long-Legs."
