# 4. Example

## 4.1 Launching the Alice STEM Scholarship Initiative

Alice is a wealthy individual who believes in promoting STEM education.

With the intention of promoting the advancement of computer science (CS), she has announced the following scholarships:

> **Alice STEM scholarship**
>
> - Provide 50K USDC
> - 18 years old or older
> - Household annual income of $60K or less
>
> Meet one of the following conditions:
>
> - A: Enrolled in a CS educational institution
> - B: Alice has achieved criteria set by herself on Github
>     - How many commits have been made
>     - How much contribution has been made to other projects
>     - His recognition as an engineer

Alice deposits 50K USDC into the scholarship contract.

## 4.2 Bob applies to Alice STEM Scholarship

Bob is a high school student who develops software on his own and contributes to open source projects afterschool.

He wishes to attend a prestigious university known for computer science in the future.

However, his single mother, who works at a supermarket, supports the family financially and they are unable to afford even the tuition fees.

Therefore, he has come up with a plan to secure the tuition fees using Alice's scholarship program B.
(In reality, Bob will likely combine other scholarship programs to cover tuition and living expenses.)

Each stakeholder will submit information about Bob to the fund server.
| Bob               |      |
| ----------------- | ---- |
| recipient_address | 0x…. |
| age               | 18   |

| Supermarket  |      |
| ------------ | ---- |
| annual_salary | $50K |

| Github        |     |
| ------------- | --- |
| commits       | 300 |
| contributions | 500 |
| stars         | 50  |
| followers     | 40  |

## 4.3 Screening with zkFHE

Using the provided information, Alice executes `evaluate_github_criteria` to determine if Bob is eligible for the scholarship.

```rust
struct GithubInfo {
    commits: u32,
    contributions: u32,
    stars: u32,
    followers: u32,
}

fn evaluate_github_criteria(github_info: &GithubInfo) -> bool {
    github_info.commits >= 100 && 
    github_info.contributions >= 50 && 
    (github_info.stars >= 20 || github_info.followers >= 40)
}

fn evaluate_scholarship(age: u32, household_income: u32, enrolled_in_cs: bool, github_info: GithubInfo) -> u32 {
    if age < 18 || household_income > 60000 {
        return 0;
    }

    if enrolled_in_cs || evaluate_github_criteria(&github_info) {
        return 1;
    }

    0
}

fn main() {
    let bob = evaluate_scholarship(18, 50000, true, GithubInfo { commits: 0, contributions: 0, endorsements: 0, influence: 0 });
    println!("Result of bob", bob); 
}
```

~~This function itself is the part to be implemented in zkFHE~~.
This process is executed using zkFHE.
Bob wants to keep his salary and age secret.

## 4.4 Acceptance

If true, the fund server will transfer Bob 50K USDC through the scholarship contract.
