# 5. Open issues

## 5.1 Technical issues

As explained so far, there are several improvements and technical challenges.

- The information obtained via TLSN varies depending on each bank, leading to localized implementations. Is there a way to make this more generic?
- Using technologies like thFHE, it might be possible to transfer funds from the smart contract without returning the FHE execution results to the students.
- Upgrading to zkFHE or Verifiable FHE can enhance the reliability of the FHE Server.


## 5.2 Non-Technical issues

Additionally, in order to design a sound system, the following requirements need to be considered:

- Prevent students from obtaining benefits through fraudulent means.
- Verify that the funds are used properly for tuition and enrollment fees.

Although not proposed this time, the following improvements seem possible:

- Alice is only the initiator and one of the investors, and it is possible that people who agree with Alice's idea will co-invest
- It may be possible to extend this system as personal donations or crowdfunding.
- It would be good to prepare a fund like the Scholarship Pool and have volunteers contribute to it.
- The financial aid (needs to be repaid) system functions similar to a lending protocol. This could create another risk, but it is experimental and interesting.
- It is also possible to have regular payments made per semester
- What kind of evaluation criteria would contribute to the public good?
- It is possible to design it like Quadratic Funding
